Backport protect 4.0.0 Changes (#42678)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/protect/readme.txt

4. The Jetpack Firewall is a web application firewall (known as WAF) designed to protect your WordPress site from malicious requests.

== Changelog ==
### 4.0.0 - 2025-03-24

#### Changed

> - Scanner: add threat count to tab
> - Scanner: animated the "scan in progress" placeholder image
> - General: indicate compatibility with the upcoming version of WordPress - 6.7.
> - General: Update package dependencies.
> 
> #### Removed
> - Firewall: removed "new" badge from tab.
> - General: Update minimum PHP version to 7.2.
> - General: Update minimum WordPress version to 6.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scanner: Add threat count to tab.
- Scanner: Animated the "scan in progress" placeholder image.
- General: Indicate compatibility with WordPress 6.7.
- General: Update package dependencies.

#### Removed
- Firewall: Remove "new" badge from tab.
- General: Update minimum PHP version to 7.2.
- General: Update minimum WordPress version to 6.6.
```
